I'm Tracy maxtor with today's record
Newswatch pilot all my line overland not
be on my line for the members of the
West Point cadet class of 2016 summer
fun is officially over today's our day
registration day today when the 1150
cadet candidates started the process of
becoming West Point cadets and future US
Army officers the day began with a quick
goodbye to family than an abrupt
transformation the military life that
included the tradin of civilian clothes
for uniforms getting the required
haircut and the introduction to military
discipline proper marching and verbal
responses the incoming class of 1150 was
selected from a pool of more than 15,000
applicants the new cadets now begins six
weeks of basic training those who make
it through will be officially welcomed
into the Corps of Cadets during an
acceptance day parade in August members
of six local companies helped Middletown
firefighters save a house that had
caught fire in the city of Middletown
early this morning but the flames from
the 3am three-alarm blaze gutted the
interior of the home number five
Commonwealth Avenue the occupants got
out safely but word from neighbors as
the family lost most of their
possessions a Middletown YMCA employee a
co-worker of one of the burned-out
residents says efforts are underway to
create a donation campaign to benefit
members of the family oh between myself
our neighbors and the YMCA we want to
see what we can do to reach out and help
help them I did go over and speak to
them right now it's just kind of too
much for them they're a little
overwhelmed but we will check back with
them and we are going to do something
for them it looks like everything is
gone they're trying to salvage and go
through maybe a few clothes are left
over but they look pretty you know burnt
and everything's kind of just gone but
they're all safe so that's what counts
they're all safe and trying to keep an
upbeat look an official determination on
the cause of the fire had yet to be made
a few of the firemen were treated for
heat related injuries at the scene
you might call it an Independence Day
present the recent decline in gas prices
may mean more of you will hit the road
during the fourth of July travel period
according to the American Automobile
Association compared to last year 2
million more people are expected to
drive at least 50 miles from home during
the five-day holiday travel period that
begins tomorrow triple-a believes the
projected uptick and fourth of July
holiday travel is connected to the 50
center so decrease in gas prices since
April's price peak in austere County a
man has been charged with burglarizing
several homes in the Milton area of the
town of Marlboro last month town police
arresting 43 year-old Thomas gasparro of
Highland on multiple counts of burglary
grand larceny criminal possession of
stolen property and criminal mischief
following his arraignment gaspar was
ordered held on 50 thousand dollars cash
bail in Ulster County Jail also an
Ulster a Dutchess County man was ordered
held on $5,000 bail following his arrest
for stealing from vehicles at the Accord
Speedway 59 year-old David Rosen field
of wingdale is accused of taking money
from vehicles and trailers belonging to
those who had come to the speedway for
the Sunday racing program according to
Ulster County sheriff's deputies more
than 1600 dollars was stolen now that
the heat is on low-income residents
whose health issues posed a potential
heat related medical emergency are
eligible for a free air conditioner the
state is set aside three million dollars
for the cooling initiative through the
federally funded low income Home Energy
Assistance Program those eligible must
meet income guidelines have someone in
the home with a chronic or acute medical
condition and written documentation from
a doctor households with a working air
conditioner aren't eligible programs
being administered by recap in Orange
County the Ulster County Community
Action Committee and cash incorporated
in Sullivan County and while several
area school districts have made
decisions to close elementary schools
the creation of new high schools is on
the drawing board into mid
and locations the Bruderhof religious
community is planning to open and
operate a high school at the former
Mount Saint Alphonsus pastoral center in
a sophist Bruderhof bought the center
back in May for more than 21 million
dollars and has begun the needed
renovations the new school which will be
entirely privately funded will be called
the Mount Academy and will serve about
140 American Bruderhof teenagers and a
Newburgh education consultant Tom
Fitzgerald has applied for approval to
open a charter high school in the city
of newburgh the school would serve more
than 100 nuber teens who have dropped
out of the public school sunshine heat
and humidity will apparently be the
weather words for the week Tuesday will
be sunny with humidity on the increase
the highs will be in the 85 to 90 degree
range same story for Wednesday
independence day the temperatures up
around 90 degrees under a mostly sunny
sky record online is the place to find
news when it breaks and get a complete
look at all that's happening by reading
tomorrow's edition of the times
herald-record for record Newswatch I'm
Tracy banks